In my physical database, we house table now while working with the GPA, you need to remember one thing
that we are not going to write any sequel query in our spring wood application.
So here we hosted roundtable.
So this will be represented by Java Glass and that is called as Andy Douglas.
And that's what we are going to create in this lecture.
So this table will be represented by Douglas, and these columns will be represented by the fields that
we will define inside the entity class.
So let's create the entity class for this student table.
So good with ideas, and here will create a separate package or give whatever entity class.
So let's sell a separate package.
Give it name is and did he?
Now, create Douglas.
SERE student.
Now, the very first thing is, we need to tell that this is not the normal Podio class, but this is
an entity class, OK, so that we need to define using the identity annotation.
Make sure this is from Java Expert Assistance Package.
OK, select this one.
Now which table?
This is representing student table, right?
So that we need to define using the add table annotation.
This is also from Dalet persistence.
OK, and the table name is student.
So by this introduction, we seeing that this is not the normal Portugal's class, but this is an entity
glass.
And by this generation, we are seeing that this glass is representing this green table in our mythical
database.
Now we have four columns that ID, first name, last name in email, so we need to define the four fields
in our entity class.
And remember one thing, OK, we need to have the appropriate data.
So here illegal means having the database begin.
OK, so we will go for long day today and for these three, OK, that'd be how Vermeer did today.
We will go for starting today B number and d d class.
So let's sell this for.
You know what?
And ridiculous?
Let's do it quickly.
So private, long, Eddie.
First name.
Last name.
And emit.
Let's go getters and setters for this piece.
Source.
For all the hills and centrist new controls it.
Go for it, yes, go on the top.
So here we have this feels right, like, say, for example, first name.
So this will represent the first named column that we have in this debate.
OK, so we need to do this mapping how using the add column annotation over this field, use the notation
ET column.
This is also from the Java expert assistance provided the colony that is first underscored name.
The same thing we need to do for last name is, well, OK, copied what here?
So this is representing last column up A. But, OK, now look at this stuff, it's OK, it's animal.
And here we go.
Column says it, animal.
So these are exactly merging, OK?
This bill's idea animal are exactly merging with our column names.
So here it's fine if we don't provide a contaminant and like this one, OK?
So, for example, at Admit.
This one, it's been OK if we don't provide this one.
Because this email field is exactly matching with this email column.
OK.
And same for ideas with ideas the colony.
And here we go.
I'd feel so it's fine, OK?
Still, if you want to, you can provide at column annotation, but here it's exactly matching.
So I'm not using the add column annotation.
Yes.
For first name and last name, it is required.
Why?
Because here we have failed us.
First name, OK, obviously in the camel case and our column name is first underscored name.
Same for the last name is with.
So this is kind of mismatch.
So we need to use that.
Add column annotation, no investment table.
We have this ID column, which is primary great so that we need to define using the Ad ID in addition.
This is also from the Java Export Assistance Package, OK?
Make sure you are using the right package while doing the import.
See, this in addition is required OK for you or into the class, you need to have one field that is
having the unique value.
So here we go.
It will be know, right?
It's a primary key.
So obviously that is unique identifier because each row is having that different value.
So this is a very unique identifier.
If you don't provide this ad I.D. annotation for any of your fields, OK, then spring data GPA will
not work.
OK.
So make sure you have this annotation.
Now we know, right?
We have this column is auto enrolment, right?
So that we need to define using the ad generated value.
And steadily equal to generation type, but identity.
So this is over, entity, glass window, Java.
So whenever we need to refer to Table, we will use the student less and whenever we need to refer any
of these columns, OK, we will use the appropriate field.
So for example, we want to refer to first name column.
So we will refer to first name field.
Likewise, what other columns and features of it?
OK.
So this is the package inside which we have entity class so that we need to define.
You know what I mean?
Class.
OK?
Using the annotation as entities can add entity, scan and provide duplicates like this one.
See, this annotation is required.
You need to provide the package, which is contained in your entry classes.
As of now, we just have one entity class that is to render Java and that is inside this particular
package.
OK.
So Springwood will and I'll work with this being that AGP and we'll scan this package.
And here we have defined the add and diddy and table annotations.
So this is the first one, the glass, which is representing strewn tabletop musical database.
So that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.